English Club Library Policy

1.0 General
(1.1) A person who borrows book(s) from the English Club library is called a patron.
(1.2) The library is located in the Language Room and is managed by the Dead Poets Society (DPS). The person in charge of the library is the Captain of DPS.

2.0 Lost and Damaged Items
(2.1) Any lost book must be replaced with an identical book at the same price. If the patron cannot afford a replacement, they must pay a fine weekly to the English Club's Treasurer until the total amount is sufficient to purchase the book. An additional fine of 15,000 Rupiah will be imposed if this rule is violated twice.
(2.2) Any lost bookmark must be replaced with the same bookmark. If it is unavailable on the market at a fair price determined by the DPS Captain, any other bookmark may be provided along with a fine of 10,000 Rupiah. An additional fine of 15,000 Rupiah will be imposed if this rule is violated twice.
(2.3) If a patron is caught stealing any library equipment, a severe punishment involving the Kesiswaan team will be enforced.
(2.4) If any library equipment (e.g., book, bookmark, etc) is returned with severe damage (e.g., torn pages, water damage), the patron must either replace it or pay a fine determined by the DPS Captain.

3.0 Service Usages
(3.1) A patron may only borrow one book at a time for a period of 30 days. The book may be renewed contiuously unless it is requested by another patron. If a request occurs, the book must be returned within 7 ndays.
(3.2) If a patron fails to return a book on time without renewal, they will be fined 10,000 Rupiah per week.
(3.3) All books must be returned in two weeks before any extended school break (e.g., holidays, semester school breaks) lasting one week or more, or when no designated return days are available. Failure to comply will result in a fine of 10,000 Rupiah.
(3.4) If a patron requests an already requested book of another patron that currently still in possession of another patron, the last requested patron has to wait 7 days after the book is in possession of a patron (refered to the last part of Section 3.1).

4.0 Blacklist Policy
(4.1) A blacklist is a penalty that revokes a person’s right to be a patron. A blacklisted individual cannot use any library services but may appeal through the process outlined in Section 4.3. An indefinite blacklist may or may not be reviewed in the future, while a permanent blacklist is non-appealable.
(4.2) All library belongings must be returned if a patron is blacklisted.
(4.3) A blacklisted patron may submit an appeal after 30 days. The appeal process requires a meeting attended by the Leader of the English Club, the Secretary of the English Club, the Captain of DPS, and the convicted patron. A final decision must be reached during the meeting, documented in a letter signed by all present members.

5.0 Fines and Enforcement
(5.1) Any penalties stated in this policy must be taken seriously. If a patron refuses to comply with any fines or punishments, an indefinite blacklist will be enforced.
(5.2) All fines collected will be allocated for English Club needs and managed by the Treasurer of the English Club.
(5.3) If a patron accumulates three violations either through punishments or fines, a blacklist will be imposed. This decision must be agreed upon by the Leader of the English Club and the DPS Captain, with a formal notice issued in the form of a letter.
(5.4) The DPS Captain may issued a permanent blacklist to any patron with acceptable and rational reasons, with a formal notice issued in the form of a letter.